Follow the steps below to setup the HasOffers Promotional Platform on your server.

=Requirements / Pre-installation=

  # A valid HasOffers network with an Enterprise or Dedicated plan.
  # Have your own web server and have access to your apache virtual host configuration.
  # Have your API key ready in-hand. You can find this on the "API" page under the "Support" tab.
  # On the "API" page, make sure to have your server's IP address whitelisted. 
  # Ensure that apache's mod_rewrite module is installed and enabled.
  # Running PHP version of 5 or greater.

=Installation=

Obtain the latest version of the HasOffers Promotional Platform, and install to target directory on your server.

You may do this one of two ways:

  ## [http://code.google.com/p/hasoffers-promotional-platform/downloads/list Download] and unzip to target directory.
  ## If you have Subversion (SVN), you may follow the instructions here: http://code.google.com/p/hasoffers-promotional-platform/source/checkout


=Server Configuration=

In this example, we assume three things:

  # The domain this application resides on will be located at affiliates.example.com (replace with your real domain)
  # Your server's IP address is 127.0.0.1 (replace with the server's real IP address)
  # The installation path is /var/www/hasoffers/ (replace with the real target directory)

{{{
<VirtualHost 127.0.0.1:80>
	ServerName   affiliates.example.com
	AddType application/x-httpd-php .php .phtml .php3
	DocumentRoot "/var/www/hasoffers/location_handler"
	<Directory "/var/www/hasoffers/location_handler">
			AllowOverride All
	</Directory>
	DirectoryIndex index.php
	ErrorLog /var/www/hasoffers/log/error.log
	CustomLog /var/www/hasoffers/log/access.log combined
</VirtualHost>
}}}
  
Afterwards, you will need to reload apache for these changes to take place.
  
= Application Configuration=
  # Navigate to {installation}/app/conf/local-configuration.php
  # Find the configuration line that says "ApiClient.NetworkId" and replace the existing value (demo) with your network ID.
  # Find the configuration line that says "ApiClient.NetworkToken" and replace the existing value with your API key, found on the "API" page under the "Support" tab.
  # Find the configuration line that says "ENV.DefaultOfferId" and replace the existing value with the desired default offer to promote.
  # Find the configuration line that says "ENV.CompanyName" and replace with your company name.